IT SERVICES:

1.CATALOG OF SERVICES:(TAYYAB) :-

We are providing multiple services on our websites.We are providing all types of services including Marketing and 
Constrcutions of softwares also;
The Catalog Of our Services are:
    1) Website Development :- We can develop all types of websites for user in very affordable prices.
    The types of websites includes Blogging And E-Commerce both 
    2) Graphic Designing :- We can design all types of logos,posters,banners,card, editing a photo and a video also and 
    further more.
    3) Business Development :- We can help you to develop your business in an best way where you can earn money easily.
    4) Dispatching :- We also provide you the Dispatching services for your comapny or for your organization.
    5) Design And Creativity :- By design and creativity we enhance the design or website user interface and graphic
    Designing all types also.If we dont have creativity in Designing then we are not able to do best work in our field.
    6) SEO Expert :- We can optimize or rank your website to the top of all websites which related search.By doing S.E.O
    we bost your website ranking. 
    7) Virtual Assistant :- We also provide service of virtual assistant for your business and also for your digital 
    store.
    8) Content Writing :- We also provide you the service of content Writing which will help you to write Articles,
    Blogs,Digital Media Posts,News and futher more. 
    9) Email Support :- We also provide Email or Chat Support services for your Business.
    10) Data Entry :- Right now data entry job is the most required services in digital or physical world . Every big or
    small organization need a person who was able to enter their data on their databases or on excel sheet.
    11) DataBase Development :-
    Database development also the most required job postion in this present world every organization need a person who 
    can develop their databases by which they dont need to use outsider services as a database or by this prevention they 
    can secure their data in an organized way.  

2.REQUEST A SERVICE:(NAJEEB) :-

A service request may be defined as a formal request that a client makes, asking a service provider that is he able to 
fulfill their requirement in their desired rates.

3.PROVISION OF SERVICES:(AMMAR SHAIKH) :-

When customer visit our website and then click on service option and send us their quote with their desired
requirements after that we read and discuss their requirements and consider their provided quote,if we are able to 
fulfill their requirements in their provided rate then we do that,otherwise we send them a message about that it is
not possible to fulfill your requirements in your desired amount of money and we provide our required amount of money for
your requirements because your bugdet is too low. And if we are not able to fulfil thier requirements then we can simply
cancle or reject their quote.

4.FEEDBACK:(TAYYAB) :-

When we provide our services then customer show their satisfaction or dissatisfaction by the way of Feedback.
Customer or User provide feedback after using the services for some period of time.
